track ILF3_Alu_K562
shortLabel ILF3_Alu_K562
longLabel ILF3_Alu_K562
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 1

    track K562_IP_1
    parent ILF3_Alu_K562
    shortLabel K562_IP_1
    longLabel K562_IP_1
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_IP_1.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 180,206,232
   
    track K562_IP_2
    parent ILF3_Alu_K562
    shortLabel K562_IP_2
    longLabel K562_IP_2
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_IP_2.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 255,252,211
   
    track K562_Inp
    parent ILF3_Alu_K562
    shortLabel K562_Inp
    longLabel K562_Inp
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_Inp.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 234,180,211

track ILF3_Alu_HepG2
shortLabel ILF3_Alu_HepG2
longLabel ILF3_Alu_HepG2
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 2

    track HepG2_IP_1
    parent ILF3_Alu_HepG2
    shortLabel HepG2_IP_1
    longLabel HepG2_IP_1
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/HepG2_IP_1.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 180,206,232
   
    track HepG2_IP_2
    parent ILF3_Alu_HepG2
    shortLabel HepG2_IP_2
    longLabel HepG2_IP_2
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/HepG2_IP_2.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 255,252,211
   
    track HepG2_Inp
    parent ILF3_Alu_HepG2
    shortLabel HepG2_Inp
    longLabel HepG2_Inp
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/HepG2_Inp.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 234,180,211

track Mutation
shortLabel Mutation
longLabel Mutation
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 3

    track SKCM
    parent Mutation
    shortLabel SKCM
    longLabel SKCM
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/SKCM.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 255,0,0


track KD_K562_1
shortLabel KD_K562_1
longLabel KD_K562_1
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 4

    track KD_1
    parent KD_K562_1
    shortLabel KD_1
    longLabel KD_1
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_KD_1.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 180,206,232

    track CON_1
    parent KD_K562_1
    shortLabel CON_1
    longLabel CON_1
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_CON_1.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 255,252,211



track KD_K562_2
shortLabel KD_K562_2
longLabel KD_K562_2
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 5

    track KD_2
    parent KD_K562_2
    shortLabel KD_2
    longLabel KD_2
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_KD_2.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 180,206,232


    track CON_2
    parent KD_K562_2
    shortLabel CON_2
    longLabel CON_2
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_CON_2.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 255,252,211

track small_RNA_POS
shortLabel small_RNA_POS
longLabel small_RNA_POS
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 5

    track KD_POS
    parent small_RNA_POS
    shortLabel KD_POS
    longLabel KD_POS
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/small_RNA_KD_POS.bw
    type bigWig
    color 180,206,232


    track CON_POS
    parent small_RNA_POS
    shortLabel CON_POS
    longLabel CON_POS
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/small_RNA_CON_POS.bw
    type bigWig
    color 255,252,211


track small_RNA_NEG
shortLabel small_RNA_NEG
longLabel small_RNA_NEG
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 5

    track KD_NEG
    parent small_RNA_NEG
    shortLabel KD_NEG
    longLabel KD_NEG
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/small_RNA_KD_NEG.bw
    type bigWig
    color 180,206,232


    track CON_NEG
    parent small_RNA_NEG
    shortLabel CON_NEG
    longLabel CON_NEG
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/small_RNA_CON_NEG.bw
    type bigWig
    color 255,0,0



track ILF3_KD
shortLabel ILF3_KD
longLabel ILF3_KD
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 5

    track ILF3_KD_Treat
    parent ILF3_KD
    shortLabel ILF3_KD_Treat
    longLabel ILF3_KD_Treat
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_KD_2.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 180,206,232

    track ILF3_KD_Con
    parent ILF3_KD
    shortLabel ILF3_KD_Con
    longLabel ILF3_KD_Con
    bigDataUrl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wkdeng/clam_data/master/custom_track/ILF3_Alu/hg19/K562_CON_2.bigwig
    type bigWig
    color 180,206,232