track F-KI-06
shortLabel F-KI-06
longLabel F-KI-06
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 1

    track F-KI-06-IP_1
    parent F-KI-06
    shortLabel F-KI-06-IP_1
    longLabel F-KI-06-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-06-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track F-KI-06-Input_1
    parent F-KI-06
    shortLabel F-KI-06-Input_1
    longLabel F-KI-06-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-06-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track F-KI-07
shortLabel F-KI-07
longLabel F-KI-07
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 2

    track F-KI-07-IP_1
    parent F-KI-07
    shortLabel F-KI-07-IP_1
    longLabel F-KI-07-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-07-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track F-KI-07-Input_1
    parent F-KI-07
    shortLabel F-KI-07-Input_1
    longLabel F-KI-07-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-07-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track F-KI-08
shortLabel F-KI-08
longLabel F-KI-08
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 3

    track F-KI-08-IP_1
    parent F-KI-08
    shortLabel F-KI-08-IP_1
    longLabel F-KI-08-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-08-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track F-KI-08-Input_1
    parent F-KI-08
    shortLabel F-KI-08-Input_1
    longLabel F-KI-08-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-08-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track F-KI-09
shortLabel F-KI-09
longLabel F-KI-09
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 4

    track F-KI-09-IP_1
    parent F-KI-09
    shortLabel F-KI-09-IP_1
    longLabel F-KI-09-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-09-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track F-KI-09-Input_1
    parent F-KI-09
    shortLabel F-KI-09-Input_1
    longLabel F-KI-09-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-09-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track F-KI-10
shortLabel F-KI-10
longLabel F-KI-10
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 5

    track F-KI-10-IP_1
    parent F-KI-10
    shortLabel F-KI-10-IP_1
    longLabel F-KI-10-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-10-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track F-KI-10-Input_1
    parent F-KI-10
    shortLabel F-KI-10-Input_1
    longLabel F-KI-10-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/F-KI-10-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-01
shortLabel LV-01
longLabel LV-01
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 6

    track LV-01-IP_1
    parent LV-01
    shortLabel LV-01-IP_1
    longLabel LV-01-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-01-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-01-Input_1
    parent LV-01
    shortLabel LV-01-Input_1
    longLabel LV-01-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-01-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-02
shortLabel LV-02
longLabel LV-02
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 7

    track LV-02-IP_1
    parent LV-02
    shortLabel LV-02-IP_1
    longLabel LV-02-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-02-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-02-Input_1
    parent LV-02
    shortLabel LV-02-Input_1
    longLabel LV-02-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-02-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-03
shortLabel LV-03
longLabel LV-03
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 8

    track LV-03-IP_1
    parent LV-03
    shortLabel LV-03-IP_1
    longLabel LV-03-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-03-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-03-Input_1
    parent LV-03
    shortLabel LV-03-Input_1
    longLabel LV-03-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-03-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-04
shortLabel LV-04
longLabel LV-04
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 9

    track LV-04-IP_1
    parent LV-04
    shortLabel LV-04-IP_1
    longLabel LV-04-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-04-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-04-Input_1
    parent LV-04
    shortLabel LV-04-Input_1
    longLabel LV-04-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-04-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-05
shortLabel LV-05
longLabel LV-05
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 10

    track LV-05-IP_1
    parent LV-05
    shortLabel LV-05-IP_1
    longLabel LV-05-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-05-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-05-Input_1
    parent LV-05
    shortLabel LV-05-Input_1
    longLabel LV-05-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-05-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-06
shortLabel LV-06
longLabel LV-06
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 11

    track LV-06-IP_1
    parent LV-06
    shortLabel LV-06-IP_1
    longLabel LV-06-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-06-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-06-Input_1
    parent LV-06
    shortLabel LV-06-Input_1
    longLabel LV-06-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-06-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-07
shortLabel LV-07
longLabel LV-07
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 12

    track LV-07-IP_1
    parent LV-07
    shortLabel LV-07-IP_1
    longLabel LV-07-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-07-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-07-Input_1
    parent LV-07
    shortLabel LV-07-Input_1
    longLabel LV-07-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-07-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-08
shortLabel LV-08
longLabel LV-08
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 13

    track LV-08-IP_1
    parent LV-08
    shortLabel LV-08-IP_1
    longLabel LV-08-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-08-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-08-Input_1
    parent LV-08
    shortLabel LV-08-Input_1
    longLabel LV-08-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-08-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-09
shortLabel LV-09
longLabel LV-09
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 14

    track LV-09-IP_1
    parent LV-09
    shortLabel LV-09-IP_1
    longLabel LV-09-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-09-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-09-Input_1
    parent LV-09
    shortLabel LV-09-Input_1
    longLabel LV-09-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-09-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track LV-10
shortLabel LV-10
longLabel LV-10
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 15

    track LV-10-IP_1
    parent LV-10
    shortLabel LV-10-IP_1
    longLabel LV-10-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-10-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track LV-10-Input_1
    parent LV-10
    shortLabel LV-10-Input_1
    longLabel LV-10-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/LV-10-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track M-KI-01
shortLabel M-KI-01
longLabel M-KI-01
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 16

    track M-KI-01-IP_1
    parent M-KI-01
    shortLabel M-KI-01-IP_1
    longLabel M-KI-01-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-01-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track M-KI-01-Input_1
    parent M-KI-01
    shortLabel M-KI-01-Input_1
    longLabel M-KI-01-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-01-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track M-KI-02
shortLabel M-KI-02
longLabel M-KI-02
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 17

    track M-KI-02-IP_1
    parent M-KI-02
    shortLabel M-KI-02-IP_1
    longLabel M-KI-02-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-02-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track M-KI-02-Input_1
    parent M-KI-02
    shortLabel M-KI-02-Input_1
    longLabel M-KI-02-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-02-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track M-KI-03
shortLabel M-KI-03
longLabel M-KI-03
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 18

    track M-KI-03-IP_1
    parent M-KI-03
    shortLabel M-KI-03-IP_1
    longLabel M-KI-03-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-03-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track M-KI-03-Input_1
    parent M-KI-03
    shortLabel M-KI-03-Input_1
    longLabel M-KI-03-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-03-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track M-KI-04
shortLabel M-KI-04
longLabel M-KI-04
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 19

    track M-KI-04-IP_1
    parent M-KI-04
    shortLabel M-KI-04-IP_1
    longLabel M-KI-04-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-04-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track M-KI-04-Input_1
    parent M-KI-04
    shortLabel M-KI-04-Input_1
    longLabel M-KI-04-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-04-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track M-KI-05
shortLabel M-KI-05
longLabel M-KI-05
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 20

    track M-KI-05-IP_1
    parent M-KI-05
    shortLabel M-KI-05-IP_1
    longLabel M-KI-05-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-05-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track M-KI-05-Input_1
    parent M-KI-05
    shortLabel M-KI-05-Input_1
    longLabel M-KI-05-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/M-KI-05-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-1
shortLabel NH-1
longLabel NH-1
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 21

    track NH-1-IP_1
    parent NH-1
    shortLabel NH-1-IP_1
    longLabel NH-1-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-1-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-1-Input_1
    parent NH-1
    shortLabel NH-1-Input_1
    longLabel NH-1-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-1-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-10
shortLabel NH-10
longLabel NH-10
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 22

    track NH-10-IP_1
    parent NH-10
    shortLabel NH-10-IP_1
    longLabel NH-10-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-10-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-10-Input_1
    parent NH-10
    shortLabel NH-10-Input_1
    longLabel NH-10-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-10-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-11
shortLabel NH-11
longLabel NH-11
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 23

    track NH-11-IP_1
    parent NH-11
    shortLabel NH-11-IP_1
    longLabel NH-11-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-11-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-11-Input_1
    parent NH-11
    shortLabel NH-11-Input_1
    longLabel NH-11-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-11-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-12
shortLabel NH-12
longLabel NH-12
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 24

    track NH-12-IP_1
    parent NH-12
    shortLabel NH-12-IP_1
    longLabel NH-12-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-12-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-12-Input_1
    parent NH-12
    shortLabel NH-12-Input_1
    longLabel NH-12-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-12-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-2
shortLabel NH-2
longLabel NH-2
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 25

    track NH-2-IP_1
    parent NH-2
    shortLabel NH-2-IP_1
    longLabel NH-2-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-2-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-2-Input_1
    parent NH-2
    shortLabel NH-2-Input_1
    longLabel NH-2-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-2-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-3
shortLabel NH-3
longLabel NH-3
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 26

    track NH-3-IP_1
    parent NH-3
    shortLabel NH-3-IP_1
    longLabel NH-3-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-3-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-3-Input_1
    parent NH-3
    shortLabel NH-3-Input_1
    longLabel NH-3-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-3-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-4
shortLabel NH-4
longLabel NH-4
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 27

    track NH-4-IP_1
    parent NH-4
    shortLabel NH-4-IP_1
    longLabel NH-4-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-4-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-4-Input_1
    parent NH-4
    shortLabel NH-4-Input_1
    longLabel NH-4-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-4-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-5
shortLabel NH-5
longLabel NH-5
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 28

    track NH-5-IP_1
    parent NH-5
    shortLabel NH-5-IP_1
    longLabel NH-5-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-5-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-5-Input_1
    parent NH-5
    shortLabel NH-5-Input_1
    longLabel NH-5-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-5-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-6
shortLabel NH-6
longLabel NH-6
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 29

    track NH-6-IP_1
    parent NH-6
    shortLabel NH-6-IP_1
    longLabel NH-6-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-6-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-6-Input_1
    parent NH-6
    shortLabel NH-6-Input_1
    longLabel NH-6-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-6-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-7
shortLabel NH-7
longLabel NH-7
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 30

    track NH-7-IP_1
    parent NH-7
    shortLabel NH-7-IP_1
    longLabel NH-7-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-7-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-7-Input_1
    parent NH-7
    shortLabel NH-7-Input_1
    longLabel NH-7-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-7-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-8
shortLabel NH-8
longLabel NH-8
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 31

    track NH-8-IP_1
    parent NH-8
    shortLabel NH-8-IP_1
    longLabel NH-8-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-8-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-8-Input_1
    parent NH-8
    shortLabel NH-8-Input_1
    longLabel NH-8-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-8-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track NH-9
shortLabel NH-9
longLabel NH-9
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 32

    track NH-9-IP_1
    parent NH-9
    shortLabel NH-9-IP_1
    longLabel NH-9-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-9-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track NH-9-Input_1
    parent NH-9
    shortLabel NH-9-Input_1
    longLabel NH-9-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/NH-9-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-1
shortLabel P1-NKI-1
longLabel P1-NKI-1
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 33

    track P1-NKI-1-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-1
    shortLabel P1-NKI-1-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-1-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-1-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-1-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-1
    shortLabel P1-NKI-1-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-1-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-1-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-10
shortLabel P1-NKI-10
longLabel P1-NKI-10
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 34

    track P1-NKI-10-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-10
    shortLabel P1-NKI-10-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-10-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-10-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-10-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-10
    shortLabel P1-NKI-10-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-10-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-10-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-11
shortLabel P1-NKI-11
longLabel P1-NKI-11
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 35

    track P1-NKI-11-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-11
    shortLabel P1-NKI-11-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-11-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-11-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-11-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-11
    shortLabel P1-NKI-11-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-11-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-11-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-12
shortLabel P1-NKI-12
longLabel P1-NKI-12
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 36

    track P1-NKI-12-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-12
    shortLabel P1-NKI-12-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-12-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-12-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-12-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-12
    shortLabel P1-NKI-12-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-12-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-12-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-2
shortLabel P1-NKI-2
longLabel P1-NKI-2
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 37

    track P1-NKI-2-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-2
    shortLabel P1-NKI-2-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-2-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-2-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-2-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-2
    shortLabel P1-NKI-2-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-2-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-2-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-3
shortLabel P1-NKI-3
longLabel P1-NKI-3
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 38

    track P1-NKI-3-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-3
    shortLabel P1-NKI-3-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-3-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-3-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-3-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-3
    shortLabel P1-NKI-3-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-3-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-3-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-4
shortLabel P1-NKI-4
longLabel P1-NKI-4
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 39

    track P1-NKI-4-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-4
    shortLabel P1-NKI-4-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-4-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-4-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-4-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-4
    shortLabel P1-NKI-4-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-4-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-4-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-5
shortLabel P1-NKI-5
longLabel P1-NKI-5
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 40

    track P1-NKI-5-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-5
    shortLabel P1-NKI-5-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-5-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-5-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-5-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-5
    shortLabel P1-NKI-5-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-5-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-5-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-6
shortLabel P1-NKI-6
longLabel P1-NKI-6
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 41

    track P1-NKI-6-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-6
    shortLabel P1-NKI-6-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-6-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-6-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-6-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-6
    shortLabel P1-NKI-6-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-6-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-6-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-7
shortLabel P1-NKI-7
longLabel P1-NKI-7
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 42

    track P1-NKI-7-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-7
    shortLabel P1-NKI-7-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-7-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-7-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-7-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-7
    shortLabel P1-NKI-7-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-7-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-7-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-8
shortLabel P1-NKI-8
longLabel P1-NKI-8
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 43

    track P1-NKI-8-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-8
    shortLabel P1-NKI-8-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-8-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-8-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-8-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-8
    shortLabel P1-NKI-8-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-8-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-8-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track P1-NKI-9
shortLabel P1-NKI-9
longLabel P1-NKI-9
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 44

    track P1-NKI-9-IP_1
    parent P1-NKI-9
    shortLabel P1-NKI-9-IP_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-9-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-9-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track P1-NKI-9-Input_1
    parent P1-NKI-9
    shortLabel P1-NKI-9-Input_1
    longLabel P1-NKI-9-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/P1-NKI-9-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-01
shortLabel RV-01
longLabel RV-01
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 45

    track RV-01-IP_1
    parent RV-01
    shortLabel RV-01-IP_1
    longLabel RV-01-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-01-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-01-Input_1
    parent RV-01
    shortLabel RV-01-Input_1
    longLabel RV-01-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-01-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-02
shortLabel RV-02
longLabel RV-02
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 46

    track RV-02-IP_1
    parent RV-02
    shortLabel RV-02-IP_1
    longLabel RV-02-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-02-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-02-Input_1
    parent RV-02
    shortLabel RV-02-Input_1
    longLabel RV-02-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-02-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-03
shortLabel RV-03
longLabel RV-03
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 47

    track RV-03-IP_1
    parent RV-03
    shortLabel RV-03-IP_1
    longLabel RV-03-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-03-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-03-Input_1
    parent RV-03
    shortLabel RV-03-Input_1
    longLabel RV-03-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-03-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-04
shortLabel RV-04
longLabel RV-04
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 48

    track RV-04-IP_1
    parent RV-04
    shortLabel RV-04-IP_1
    longLabel RV-04-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-04-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-04-Input_1
    parent RV-04
    shortLabel RV-04-Input_1
    longLabel RV-04-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-04-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-05
shortLabel RV-05
longLabel RV-05
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 49

    track RV-05-IP_1
    parent RV-05
    shortLabel RV-05-IP_1
    longLabel RV-05-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-05-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-05-Input_1
    parent RV-05
    shortLabel RV-05-Input_1
    longLabel RV-05-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-05-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-06
shortLabel RV-06
longLabel RV-06
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 50

    track RV-06-IP_1
    parent RV-06
    shortLabel RV-06-IP_1
    longLabel RV-06-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-06-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-06-Input_1
    parent RV-06
    shortLabel RV-06-Input_1
    longLabel RV-06-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-06-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-07
shortLabel RV-07
longLabel RV-07
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 51

    track RV-07-IP_1
    parent RV-07
    shortLabel RV-07-IP_1
    longLabel RV-07-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-07-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-07-Input_1
    parent RV-07
    shortLabel RV-07-Input_1
    longLabel RV-07-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-07-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-08
shortLabel RV-08
longLabel RV-08
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 52

    track RV-08-IP_1
    parent RV-08
    shortLabel RV-08-IP_1
    longLabel RV-08-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-08-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-08-Input_1
    parent RV-08
    shortLabel RV-08-Input_1
    longLabel RV-08-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-08-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-09
shortLabel RV-09
longLabel RV-09
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 53

    track RV-09-IP_1
    parent RV-09
    shortLabel RV-09-IP_1
    longLabel RV-09-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-09-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-09-Input_1
    parent RV-09
    shortLabel RV-09-Input_1
    longLabel RV-09-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-09-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

track RV-10
shortLabel RV-10
longLabel RV-10
visibility full
container multiWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig
autoScale on
priority 54

    track RV-10-IP_1
    parent RV-10
    shortLabel RV-10-IP_1
    longLabel RV-10-IP_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-10-IP_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 204,121,167
   
    track RV-10-Input_1
    parent RV-10
    shortLabel RV-10-Input_1
    longLabel RV-10-Input_1
    bigDataUrl http://reslnxinglab01.research.chop.edu/public/dengw/mouse_lowinput/RV-10-Input_1.scaled.bw
    type bigWig
    color 0,114,178
   
    

